To ensure that the system could continue its service and maintain its features and functionalities, the researchers reached out to accredited SPD 
organizations to form an alliance which could help both the organization and SensAware in achieving their goals and objectives. Through this relationship, 
SensAware could gain financial opportunities to continue administering the web application and in return, they would offer their services to the needs of 
the organization and their target audience(?). With the use of campaign events functionality of the system, any events created by the partner organization 
will be displayed on SensAware and the members could easily join on their chosen events and activities through a single click. This partnership would be 
beneficial to both parties in whatever way possible.


SensAware and the partner organization will be forming a Strategic Alliance where a partnership is formed between two non-competing parties while 
maintaining its independence. The agreement enables both of the parties to collaborate on a mutually beneficial project. It could help develop a more 
effective process in the goal of spreading awareness on SPD. Strategic alliances help the involved parties by enhancing its ability to access resources 
that might otherwise be hard to obtain. This is significant because it enables an entity to use the resources of another entity to its own advantage. 
Strategic partnerships enable an entity to conduct business otherwise. This entails consuming resources that it lacks. This could be tangible products, 
market access, or labor with a particular skill set. This might also imply that the entity can benefit from the market presence of another party to improve 
how the public views it. Creating a partnership with an organization that enjoys a solid reputation among the general public aids in building recognition 
and trust.

For strategic alliances to succeed, all parties must be dedicated to their success as a whole, and the alliance must be driven by specific goals, a 
clear strategic plan, and regular communication to ensure that everyone is always on the same page. While avoiding the dangers that result in 
unsuccessful relationships and undeveloped potential, organizations can access a practically endless marketplace of ideas, resources, and 
information with the help of strategic partners.
